Switch from annotation approach to new ABI string approach (#2761)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/0000-simple_unwind_annotation.md

- Feature Name: `simple_c_panic_abi`
- Start Date: 2019-08-29
- RFC PR: [rust-lang/rfcs#0000](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/0000)
- Rust Issue: [rust-lang/rust#0000](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/0000)

# Summary
[summary]: #summary

> Provides a new ABI string `extern "C+panic"` to denote functions that use the C ABI, but may also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a new ABI string `extern "C panic"` to denote functions that use the C ABI, but may also
```

# Guide-level explanation
[guide-level-explanation]: #guide-level-explanation

> Rust function definitions with the `"C+panic"` ABI string (e.g., `extern "C+panic" fn`) are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust function definitions with the `"C panic"` ABI string (e.g., `extern "C panic" fn`) are
```

permitted to unwind with a panic, as opposed to `extern "C" fn` functions which will abort the
process if a panic reaches the function boundary.

> When used on declarations of imported functions (e.g., `extern "C+panic" { fn ... }`), or function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used on declarations of imported functions (e.g., `extern "C panic" { fn ... }`) or function
```

> When used on declarations of imported functions (e.g., `extern "C panic" { fn ... }`), or function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When used on declarations of imported functions (e.g., `extern "C panic" { fn ... }`) or function
```

> pointers (e.g., `extern "C+panic" fn()`) the `"C+panic"` ABI string means that if the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pointers (e.g., `extern "C panic" fn()`), the `"C panic"` ABI string means that if the function
```

> pointers (e.g., `extern "C panic" fn()`) the `"C panic"` ABI string means that if the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pointers (e.g., `extern "C panic" fn()`), the `"C panic"` ABI string means that if the function
```

unwinds, the unwind will be propagated though any calling code. If an `extern "C"` imported function
or function pointer unwinds, the behavior is undefined.

# Reference-level explanation
[reference-level-explanation]: #reference-level-explanation

Currently, Rust assumes that an external function imported with `extern "C" {
... }` (or another ABI other than `"Rust"`) cannot unwind, and Rust will abort if a panic would propagate out of a
Rust function with a non-"Rust" ABI ("`extern "ABI" fn`") specification. Under this RFC,

> functions with the `"C+panic"` ABI string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions with the `"C panic"` ABI string
```

> functions with the `"C panic"` ABI string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a function with the `"C panic"` ABI string would
```

Author: I goofed up the grammar elsewhere in this sentence; I'll fix

> instead allows an unwind (such as a panic) to proceed through that function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead allow an unwind (such as a panic) to proceed through that function
```

implementations that define the behavior may require target-specific options
for the non-Rust code, or this feature may not be supported at all.

> For the purposes of the type system, `"C+panic"` is considered a totally distinct ABI string from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purposes of the type system, `"C panic"` is considered a totally distinct ABI string from
```

> `"C"`. While there may be some circumstances where it is sensible to use an `extern "C" fn` in place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"C"`. While there may be some circumstances for which an `extern "C" fn` in place
```

> of an `extern "C+panic" fn`, and vice-versa, this introduces questions of subtyping and variance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of an `extern "C panic" fn` (or vice-versa) would be useful, this introduces questions of subtyping and variance
```

> of an `extern "C panic" fn`, and vice-versa, this introduces questions of subtyping and variance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of an `extern "C panic" fn` (or vice-versa) would be useful, this introduces questions of subtyping and variance
```
